1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?
Data.gov is a public collection of government data for people to view. 

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?
402,373

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category?
Most of these data sources revolve around food. I believe that these were tagged with 'human health' because humanity's health as a species revolves around what they ingest.

4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?
To find other datasets from the USDA, simply click on the link under 'Publisher' and scroll through their published sets.

5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.
132

6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?
Pennsylvania - 2
Philadelphia county - 0
Philadelphia city - 1

7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results?
There are far more results for nutrition information than food composition. For food composition, there are 17 - while for nutrition, there are 229. 

a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology
used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
to find what you’re looking for.

8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the FoodData Central website.

a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result?
You get multiple categories of a result - Foundation foods, SR Legacy foods, Survey foods, Experimental foods, and Branded foods. Each of these categories carry different numbers of results, ranging from 5 at the least to 67,143 at the most. Once you click on a result, you can read information about the food that you clicked on. 

b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
more information on the data types available?
You can find files of multiple different data types, such as SR legacy and Foundation foods.
Foundation Foods: JSON - zipped, 467K. unzipped, 6.5M. CSV - zipped, 3.4M. unzipped, 29M.
SR Legacy: JSON - zipped, 12.3M. unzipped, 205M. CSV - zipped, 6.7M. unzipped, 54M.
FNDDS: JSON - zipped, 3.7M. unzipped, 64M. CSV - zipped, 200M. unzipped, 1.5G.
Branded: JSON - zipped, 1.95M. unzipped, 3.1G.  CSV - zipped, 427M. unzipped, 2.9G.
Full Download of All Data Types: CSV - zipped, 458M. unzipped, 3.1G.
You can find more information about the data types through clicking on the following links; 'data type documentation' or 'API guide on SwaggerHub'.













